[Music]
you
hi guys what we're going to be cooking
today is an absolute beautiful Italian
classic spaghetti carbonara and I'm
gonna show you how to make it this
serves two people so I'm gonna be using
one egg per person so I'm gonna be using
two eggs the beautiful pancetta some
finely grated pecorino cheese fresh
parsley some spaghetti some sea salt
ground black pepper and some olive oil
I've got some beautiful pancetta here
and what we're gonna do is we're gonna
cut it into little cubes and as the
Italians would say cue Betty for little
cubes so what I'm gonna do is just slice
it and just cut it into cubes okay for
your pasta get a big pot nice boiling
water add a bit of salt very important
salt in it makes that pasta
okay while get past this cooking we're
gonna cook this pancetta to be nice and
crispy so a little bit of olive oil not
too much because punch s is very fatty
next third year cutter you want your pan
on a medium heat you don't want it too
high because you'll burn it so we'll
just fry this off to get it really nice
and crispy okay now that's getting nice
and crispy
I'm gonna have some nice nice black
pepper stir okay now my pastas ready
it's been 10 minutes and when out the
pasta
make sure that you steer it good okay
next thing to do is don't throw away
this pasta water because we need it
so we're going to add some of this pasta
water have you noticed some put in past
two or three not cream and what the
pasta water does the helps it become
nice and creamy with the eggs
so never fight any cream in there make
sure that you stir it make sure that
your he is on pretty low and then just
stir it keep spinning and had more pasta
water if you need to there's no right
way there's no wrong way just put it in
there do this and you'll become nice and
creamy next that a good generous portion
of parsley
stir okay to your eggs add the cheese a
[Music]
little bit of pepper no song
then just lightly whisk ok next 10 you
heat off and then add your eggs and make
sure that you stir all the time
you don't want scrambled eggs I'll pass
the water just to make it a little more
cream what's that creamy that it you
make sure like Siri all the time
okay creamy that is dude okay now what
we're going to do is we want to turn the
heat up just a little bit and then just
cook through the eggs so that the sort
of a safe temperature to eat beautiful
my pasta carbonara is done you know look
at that how creamy that is no cream in
there just starch water and eggs and
that's a secret that's the proper way of
doing a carbonara never put cream in it
cuz you don't need to it
[Music]
so they go guys my pasta carbonara or
spaghetti carbonara simple to do simple
ingredients it's all about each control
so let's have a little taste of it look
at that it's so creamy
hmm
that is beautiful nice and creamy like I
said no cream in there just starch water
and eggs beautiful give it a go guys
it's really really simple thanks guys
[Music]